Feature/7361 links replaced by G1ANT.Manual.Builder (#5)
G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Addon.Core: G1ANT.Addon.Core/Commands/MouseMoveCommand.md

| Argument | Type | Required | Default Value | Description |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ------------- | ----------- |
|`position`| [point](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/PointStructure.md) | yes |  | XY coordinates of a pixel to move a mouse cursor to |
|`relative`| [bool](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/BooleanStructure.md) | no | true | If set to `true`, the position is relative to the active window |

> |`wait`| [integer](https://github.com/G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Manual/blob/master/G1ANT-Language/Structures/integer.md) | no |  | Determines time in milliseconds between mouse 'jumps' to the specified position |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`wait`| [integer](https://manual.g1ant.com/link/G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/IntegerStructure.md) | no |  | Determines time in milliseconds between mouse 'jumps' to the specified position |
```
